[EDITS]W-11822795-Bot-Recorder-editorial-review (#79)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-recorder/6.0/modules/ROOT/edits/user-interface.adoc

= User Interface

Following are the descriptions of every section and element in the RPA Recorder UI.

== Home

The Home section contains the main controls of RPA recorder. If RPA recorder is started from RPA Manager, the existing BPMN of the process also shows here.

image:rpa-recorder-home.png[RPA Recorder Home screen]

== Recording

The following functions are available in RPA Recorder while recording a process:

[%header,cols="10,20,30,10"]
|===
|Icon |Name | Description | Hotkey
|image:start-recording-icon.png[Start Recording icon, 20%, 20%] |Start Recording | Starts a new recording session. |`F8`
|image:pause-recording-icon.png[Pause Recording icon, 20%, 20%] | Pause Recording | Pauses the current recording session. | `F8`

> |image:finish-recording-icon.png[Start Recording icon, 20%, 20%] | Finish Recording Session. | Finishes the current recording session, and triggers the generation of xref:documents.adoc[Documents] | --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|image:finish-recording-icon.png[Start Recording icon, 20%, 20%] | Finish Recording Session. | Finishes the current recording session and triggers the generation of xref:documents.adoc[Documents] | --
```

|image:take-screenshot-icon.png[Take Screenshot icon, 20%, 20%] | Take Screenshot | Opens the <<Define Screenshot>> dialog.  | `F9`
|image:add-variable-icon.png[Add Variable icon, 20%, 20%]  | Add Variable | Opens the <<Add Variable>> dialog. | `F10`
|image:add-comment-icon.png[Add Comment icon, 20%, 20%] | Add Comment | Opens the <<Add Comment>> dialog. | `F11`
|image:add-activity-icon.png[Add Activity icon, 20%, 20%] | Add Activity | Opens the <<Add Activity>> dialog. | `F12`
|===

> // New recording session is started via this button, or alternatively by the hotkey F8.

Reviewer: I didn't edit any of these commented out lines

//
// Variables can be entered via this button, or alternatively by the hotkey F10. This opens the [Add variable](xref:) dialog.
//
// Comments can be entered via this button, or alternatively by the hotkey F11. This opens the [Add Comment](xref:) dialog, where user can enter a comment.

// You can add new activities directly to the recorded BPMN by clicking the *Add Activity* button image:add-activity-icon.png[Add new activities], or by pressing `F12`. This opens the <<Add Activity>> dialog.
//
// Activities can be RPA Bot Tasks, which represent Workflows done by RPA Bots, User Tasks or External Tasks.

// During recording, each mouse click is automatically recorded with coordinates and type (left click, right click, etc.). If you want to record a mouse over hover action, hold the mouse pointer over the corresponding position and press the hotkey F2.
// This records the coordinates and a mouse over hover action for this position.

== Toast Notifications While Recording

> When a recording state changes, a toast notification appears indicating current state. The notification stays for 2 seconds and disappears automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a recording state changes, a toast notification appears indicating current state. The notification stays for two seconds and disappears automatically.
```

. Press `F9` while recording to open the Define Screenshot window. +
image:define-screenshot-window.png[Define Screenshot window]

. Select a freezing delay (in seconds), or no delay, from the dropdown menu. +
image:select-freeze-delay.png[Select freezing delay]

[NOTE]
The timer delay mechanism takes effect regardless of the chosen screenshot method.

== Add Variable

You can add variable information as part of the recording documentation by pressing `F10` while recording. This is useful for the implementation of the process automation in RPA Builder.

image:add-variable-window.png[Add Variable window]

The possible variable types are:

* Alphanumeric
* Integer
* Float
* Boolean
* Credential

Click *Add* to save the variable information to the recording documentation.

//Image necessary?

[NOTE]
Pause the recording before adding a variable. If you open the Add Variable window while the recording is running, it pauses automatically.

== Add Comment

You can add a comment as part of the recording to enrich the documentation with insight about a specific step.

image:add-comment.png[Add Comment window]

[NOTE]

> Pause the recording before adding a comment. If you open the Add Comment Window while the recording is running, it pauses automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pause the recording before adding a comment. If you open the Add Comment window while the recording is running, it pauses automatically.
```

== Add Activity

> You can manually add an activity as part of the BPMN recording. Enter a name for the Activity and select its type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually add an activity as part of the BPMN recording. Enter a name for the activity and select its type.
```

image:add-activity.png[Add Activity window]

Possible activity types are:

> * Web Task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Web task
```

> * Bot Task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bot task
```

* User Task

When you create a Web Task, you can choose to continue using the session of the last closed Web Task.

> For User Tasks, RPA Recorder does not save documentation. You need to enter a description instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For User Tasks, RPA Recorder does not save documentation. You must enter a description.
```

To continue recording, add a Bot Task.

[NOTE]

> Pause the recording before adding an activity or changing the creation mode of the activities. If you open the pop-up using the respective hotkey, while the recording is running, the recording automatically pauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pause the recording before adding an activity or changing the creation mode of the activities. If you open the pop-up using the respective hotkey while the recording is running, the recording automatically pauses.
```

== RPA Recorder Configuration

You can configure RPA Recorder and set preferences.

The configuration section is divided into two parts:

* <<Settings>>
* <<Hotkeys>>

=== Settings

Use the following settings to configure RPA Recorder:

> * *Directory*: Specifies the local folder for storing the documents (BPMN, PDF and XES) and application logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Directory*: Specifies the local folder for storing documents (BPMN, PDF and XES) and application logs.
```

> * *Create Process Documentation (PDF)*: If checked, a process documentation file is saved as PDF after the recording session stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Create Process Documentation (PDF)*: If checked, a process documentation file is saved as a PDF after the recording session stops.
```

> * *Create Process Mining files (XES)*: If checked, a XES process fileXES process file is generated after the recording session stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Create Process Mining files (XES)*: If checked, a XES process file is generated after the recording session stops.
```

* *Generate debug file with a list of raw recorded events*: If checked, a debug file is generated after the recording session stops.
* *Take screenshot with every mouse click*: If checked, RPA Recorder automatically takes a screenshot on every mouse click.

> ** *Area around the mouse click*: Screenshots are a cropped area around the mouse click, based on the Area size in % (expressed in screen resolution percentage). +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Area around the mouse click*: Screenshots are a cropped area around the mouse click, based on the area size (expressed in screen resolution percentage). +
```

>     Crop percentage can be within 20-50% screen resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Crop percentage can be within 20%-50% screen resolution.
```

** *Full screen*: Screenshots include all screens connected to your machine.
** *Mouse click screenshot quality*: Specifies the quality of the screenshots on every mouse click.
*** Compressed JPEG format
*** Loss-free PNG format
* *Merge keystrokes*: Concatenates keyboard entries entered during the recording into meaningful words and sentences based upon the timestamps when they were entered. +
  Number is expressed in seconds and can range from 2 to 10 seconds.

> * *Verbosity level*: Defines wether to show detailed Process Information in Documentation. If you select *Low*, the information is not shown in Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Verbosity level*: Defines wether to show detailed process information in the documentation. If you select *Low*, the information is not shown in the documentation.
```
